Update new-relic.md (#431)
OutSystems/docs-product: src/monitor-and-troubleshoot/log-streaming/new-relic.md

Once you have these values, go to LifeTime and [configure the log streaming service](lifetime-streaming.md). 

<div class="info" markdown="1">

> Note: The streaming follows the limits in New Relic's ingestion API according to their [documentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/event-api/introduction-event-api/#limits/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The streaming follows the rate limit of New Relic's ingestion API. For more information, refer to New Relic's documentation on [Send custom events with our Event API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/event-api/introduction-event-api/#post-limit).   
```
